# Kovalee-OnboardingKit
# OnboadingKit - Integration guide - iOS

🎉 Welcome to **`OnboardingKit`** - Your Swift solution to creating engaging and beautiful onboarding experiences for your iOS apps with minimal effort! 🚀

We understand how crucial a first impression can be, and that’s why we’ve crafted **`OnboardingKit`** to help you make that initial user interaction as delightful and informative as possible. Forget about the tedious setup processes and dive straight into crafting a captivating onboarding journey for your users.

# **🖥 Platforms & Prerequisites**

Before we get started, let’s make sure you’re all set to integrate **`OnboardingKit`** into your project. Here’s what you need:

- iOS 16.0 or later 📱
- Swift 5.7 or later 💻

Got everything? Great! Let’s move on.

# **📦 Installation**

Integrating **`OnboardingKit`** into your iOS project is a breeze. Follow these simple steps:

1. **Add `OnboardingKit` to Your Project**:
    
    Choose your preferred dependency manager - whether that’s Swift Package Manager (SPM) or Cocoapods, we’ve got you covered. Simply add **`OnboardingKit`** as a dependency.
    
2. **Import the Module**:
    
    In the source files where you intend to use **OnboardingKit**, `import OnboardingKit`.
    
3. **Load the Onboarding View**:
    
    Now, it’s time to bring up the `OnboardingView`. Here’s a quick peek at how you can do that:
    
    ```swift
    OnboadingView(file: "onboarding", onDismiss: { _ in })
    ```
    
    ### SPM
    
    Add [this package](https://github.com/cotyapps/Kovalee-OnboardingKit.git) to your dependencies
    
    ### Cocoapods
    
    Add the following to your Podfile
    
    ```swift
    pod 'KovaleeOnboardingKit’
    ```
    

# **🛠 Usage**

Using **OnboardingKit** is as simple as feeding it a JSON file generated by our intuitive web configurator. This file will dictate how your onboarding UI will look and behave.

The **OnboardingView** comes packed with two helpful callbacks:

- **onEventTrigger**: Fired at every user interaction within the View. This helps you track user progress and interactions with pinpoint accuracy. Perfect for sending events using your favourite tracking tool.
- **onDismiss**: Triggered when the user finishes the onboarding journey. It hands you a dictionary where keys are property names and values are the user’s selections for those properties. Perfect for capturing user preferences right out of the gate!

# **🌟 Examples & Getting Started**

To get you up and running in no time, here’s a straightforward example implementation:

```swift
struct ContentView2: View {
	@State var showOnboading: Bool = false
	
	var body: some View {
		NavigationStack {
			Button(
				action: {
					showOnboading.toggle()
				}, 
				label: {
					Text("Launch Onboarding")
						.foregroundStyle(.white)
						.frame(width: 200, height: 50)
						.background(.blue)
						.cornerRadius(25)
				}
			)
		}
		.fullScreenCover(
			isPresented: $showOnboading
		) {
			OnboadingView(
				file: "onboarding",
				onEventTrigger: { _ in },
				onDismiss: { output in
					showOnboading.toggle()
				}
			)
		}
	}
}
```

And that’s it! You’re now ready to create an immersive onboarding experience with **OnboardingKit**. Remember, a great onboarding journey doesn’t just inform, it delights. Happy coding! 🎉